tavmem: Hi
valirian: hi Tara
tavmem: I read the responses to the ‘Mother Earth’ editorial--gah.
valirian: I know
valirian: idiot Thomas
tavmem: Folks, shit happens, no matter what form of deity you believe in. The main thing is to help each other, not snark at people who don’t even bother you.
tavmem: (I wonder if Thomas made a point to slam Hindus, maybe some of them lost family members)
valirian: agreed
tavmem: I guess a website with photos of Alan Keyes isn’t one for balanced view points.
valirian: LOL
tavmem: “Hot conservative action!”
valirian: lol
valirian: add to add the cat
valirian: had
tavmem: So cute
tavmem: I’d like to wear a corset like that, but I cannot afford a good one at this moment.
tavmem: When you sent that ‘Christian national civil disobediance article,’ I got this Quotation of the Day
valirian: yes?
tavmem: Whites of course have the privilege of not caring, of being "colorblind."  Nobody else does.  Thought it could be changed to ‘Christians’ and ‘oppressed’ or something.
valirian: btw, I'll be sending an email out after the 1st.. restarting up the online game in a few weeks
tavmem: *nod* I’ll see what my schedule is like.
valirian: Arisa is what week this Jan?
tavmem: That quotation, BTW, is from Ursula LeGuin’s reflections on the Sci Fi Channels adaption of Earthsea: http://trashotron.com/agony/columns/2004/12-15-04.htm
tavmem: I believe the 20th
tavmem: They changed it from MLK weekend this year.
valirian: really? that's a 1st
tavmem: *nod*
tavmem: I wonder what is up.
valirian: dunno
valirian: Earthsea on SciFi sux
tavmem: She agrees. :)
valirian: watched it & gagged
tavmem: I remember that Ged wasn’t the pasty skinned fucker I am, unlike their casting.
valirian: he was Middle Eastern skined
tavmem: But back to the ‘widespread Christian civil disobediance--’ just what the fuck was their problem?
tavmem: *nod*
valirian: it's just their time of the year to whine
valirian: its an tsunami.. its the Pagans fault! Those non-God heathens!
tavmem: But . . .but . . .they’re the majority, people assume that American’s religion is Christian unless otherwise, and they have no fucking respect for the Founding Fathers’ not wanting to engender the same religious wars that plagued Europe.
tavmem: Yeah, 9/11 didn’t learn us, and now God has to make a bigger diaster.
tavmem: Damn Muslims and Hindus.
valirian: Bush: "Hey Rummy.. I got a great idea, I reckon.. We nuke the Indian Ocean & kill all them Islams giving us trouble in the Indonesian isles.. and fuck India & Thailand, too.. those bastards!"
tavmem: You just know he is going to take credit for any aid to the region, that fucker.
valirian: oh, u mean the LOAN OF CREDIT.. that meager 15 mil
valirian: bastard
tavmem: “Sure, we are spending more in Iraq than on stuff like this, but hey, we ain’t going to stiff them like the HIV funding for Africa’
tavmem: And the Bush lovers are prolly swooning over this.
valirian: 100,000 dead.. who cares! It's not my kids or my guns
valirian: bastards.. all of them
tavmem: Yeah, and you just know he is going to use it as leverage for something, which makes me so mad because there are people who are donating to Oxfam, Doctors without Borders, etc
valirian: and you wonder why I listen to Mike Malloy at night on airamericaradio.com
tavmem: What, you don’t keep it fair and balanced by listening to some Jay Severin and getting an ulcer?
tavmem: :)
valirian: he can suck Cannity's cock
valirian: and top of Rush, too
valirian: I hate those bastards with every fiber of my being
tavmem: That image just killed my libido, thanks.
valirian: yw
tavmem: I just don’t listen to them: there is opinions i can agree to disagree with and ‘OMGWTF shut the fuck up Mike from Everett!’
valirian: heh
tavmem: “I think we should cut the homeless up and feed them to them Islams that got tsunamis.”
tavmem: “Liberals put razor blades in Halloween candy and want to send Santa to a gulag!”
valirian: Ooooo.. not that evil liberald word! Kids, hide!
valirian: Liberals are kooks!
valirian: oooo
tavmem: Liberalliberalliberalliberal
tavmem: Say three times, and Paul Begala appears in your mirror!
valirian: I say, to even the score, we firebomb Rush's studios
valirian: lol
valirian: just kidding
tavmem: Yes, we don’t know who is reading this. :))
valirian: He how can swallow 100 squard Oxycontins daily & surprise, he's still loved for those eathers of dead babies
valirian: loved by those eaters of dead babies
tavmem: Well, when you are scared and insecure and want some daddy figure to tell you that you’re right and everyone else is wrong and that the disciplined and obedient will get theirs when the big bad liberals go away, he’s your man.
valirian: I just wish that someone wills a Bible to come to life & it devours the Robertson family libve on the 700 Club
valirian: live
valirian: "ME HUNGY!" CHOMP
tavmem: Or Jesus could come and tell them how they all suck and missed the point of what he was telling people.
valirian: Jesus: "Where the fuck do you people get off excluding others from my Father's temple? I died for ALL YOUR SINS, you assholes"
tavmem: “Time to reprise the scourging of the Temple with an AK-47, you gun-loving dicks!”
valirian: Jesus, kicking ass & chewing bubble gum
tavmem: And he’s all out of bubble gum
valirian: Jesus: "Here's Johnny!"
tavmem: “Next up, Jerry Falwell!”
valirian: "Falwell, come on down! You're the next constestant on YOU BET YOUR BALLS!"
tavmem: Just imagine the damage he’d wreck on Vatican City and Bob Jones U
valirian: Jesus, smacking the Pope out of his chair.. "That's for Gailieo, jerk"
tavmem: “Hey, did you notice I only referenced Sodom and Gomorrah when I wasn’t offered shelter, shitheads. And don’t give me that ‘only came to nullify ritual laws’ When I said love your neighbor, I meant the gay guy next door too!”
valirian: "and.. WHY THE FUCK ONLY GUYS ARE PRIESTS? <flipping open Bible> No no no.. bo.. I don't see where I ever said that, morons!"
valirian: I see an animated sitcom from this
valirian: I might do it if I can download the right software
valirian: To Jesus, With Love
tavmem: Oh yes
valirian: want to be a co-writer on this?
tavmem: “I got your second coming, right here!”
tavmem: Sure.
valirian: cool beans
valirian: I know the software I'll download too.. its called Toon Boom
valirian: its what Rugrats use
tavmem: Oh cool
valirian: Tara, we will be HATED
valirian: lol\
tavmem: Yes, but so many more will love us.
valirian: maybe sell the rights to Comedy Central
valirian: getting ahead of myself
tavmem: Yes
tavmem: I do that too
valirian: I can hear the bad off-key song now sung like Lulu.. To Jesu, with Love
tavmem: “If you wanted revenge, he can give it to you. He died to save you but now you’re screwed
valirian: LOL
valirian: write that down
valirian: classic
tavmem: Oh yes, I will need to.
valirian: Jesus, in typical robes but in 60';s style & wearing a peace symbol.. flower power & all.. 
tavmem: At first
valirian: of course.. as the series progresses, he'll look like Morpheus from the Matrix
tavmem: With a rip from the Lobby scene too!
valirian: of course
valirian: in the Vatican
tavmem: Oh yes
valirian: Jesus listening to KFDM
valirian: lol
tavmem: Ooooooh, while suiting up for some ass kicking. 
valirian: yup
valirian: locking & loading
tavmem: Oh yeah
valirian: maybe 9 inch nails "broken"
tavmem: Hee
tavmem: “Heresy”
valirian: lol
valirian: we are evil
tavmem: Hey, like Mark Twain said, if Jesus was around today, there is one thing he would not be: a Christian. 
valirian: I like that! We will use that in the opening shot as a quote as we drift up to Heaven
tavmem: Yes
tavmem: And then see Jesus watching down as Christians whine about being oppressed 
valirian: :)
valirian: as he's laughing at them
tavmem: “Gabriel, dude, how much would they crap their pants if I was to come down there?”
valirian: lol
valirian: we are going to have to create a serie sbible, so to speak
valirian: series
tavmem: Yeah
valirian: what each character is like, their MO, & such
valirian: have to run for tonight.. however, we will chat again about this hopefully this weekened, if not tomorrow.. I'll try to download the software. Nite
